Here is the map of the CLFSWM menu:
(By default it is bound on second-mode + m)

Main
c: < Child menu >
f: < Frame menu >
w: < Window menu >
s: < Selection menu >
n: < Action by name menu >
u: < Action by number menu >
y: < Utility menu >
*: < CLFSWM menu >

Child-Menu
r: Rename the current child
x: Remove the current child from the CLFSWM tree
Delete: Remove the current child from its parent frame
h: Hide the current child
u: Unhide a child in the current frame
f: Unhide a child from all frames in the current frame
a: Unhide all current frame hidden children
Page_Up: Lower the child in the current frame
Page_Down: Raise the child in the current frame

Frame-Menu
a: < Adding frame menu >
l: < Frame layout menu >
n: < Frame new window hook menu >
m: < Frame movement menu >
f: < Frame focus policy menu >
w: < Managed window type menu >
s: < Frame miscallenous menu >

Frame-Adding-Menu
a: Add a default frame in the current frame
p: Add a placed frame in the current frame

Frame-Layout-Menu
a: < Frame fast layout menu >
b: No layout: Maximize windows in there frame - Leave frame to there size
c: < Frame tile layout menu >
d: < Tile in one direction layout menu >
e: < Tile with some space on one side menu >
f: < Main window layout menu >
g: < The GIMP layout menu >

Frame-Fast-Layout-Menu
s: Switch between two layouts
p: Push the current layout in the fast layout list

Frame-Tile-Layout-Menu
v: Tile child in its frame (vertical)
h: Tile child in its frame (horizontal)
s: Tile Space: tile child in its frame leaving spaces between them

Frame-Tile-Dir-Layout-Menu
l: Tile Left: main child on left and others on right
r: Tile Right: main child on right and others on left
t: Tile Top: main child on top and others on bottom
b: Tile Bottom: main child on bottom and others on top

Frame-Tile-Space-Layout-Menu
a: Tile Left Space: main child on left and others on right. Leave some space on the left.

Frame-Main-Window-Layout-Menu
r: Main window right: Main windows on the right. Others on the left.
l: Main window left: Main windows on the left. Others on the right.
t: Main window top: Main windows on the top. Others on the bottom.
b: Main window bottom: Main windows on the bottom. Others on the top.
-=- Actions on main windows list -=-
a: Add the current window in the main window list
v: Remove the current window from the main window list
c: Clear the main window list

Frame-Gimp-Layout-Menu
g: The GIMP Layout
p: Restore the previous layout
h: Help on the GIMP layout
-=- Main window layout -=-
r: Main window right: Main windows on the right. Others on the left.
l: Main window left: Main windows on the left. Others on the right.
t: Main window top: Main windows on the top. Others on the bottom.
b: Main window bottom: Main windows on the bottom. Others on the top.
-=- Actions on main windows list -=-
a: Add the current window in the main window list
v: Remove the current window from the main window list
c: Clear the main window list

Frame-Nw-Hook-Menu
a: Open the next window in the current frame
b: Open the next window in the current root
c: Open the next window in a new frame in the current root
d: Open the next window in a new frame in the root frame
e: Open the next window in a new frame in the parent frame
f: Open the next window in the current frame and leave the focus on the current child

Frame-Movement-Menu
p: < Frame pack menu >
f: < Frame fill menu >
r: < Frame resize menu >
c: Center the current frame

Frame-Pack-Menu
Up: Pack the current frame up
Down: Pack the current frame down
Left: Pack the current frame left
Right: Pack the current frame right

Frame-Fill-Menu
Up: Fill the current frame up
Down: Fill the current frame down
Left: Fill the current frame left
Right: Fill the current frame right
a: Fill the current frame in all directions
v: Fill the current frame vertically
h: Fill the current frame horizontally

Frame-Resize-Menu
Up: Resize the current frame up to its half height
Down: Resize the current frame down to its half height
Left: Resize the current frame left to its half width
Right: Resize the current frame right to its half width
d: Resize down the current frame
a: Resize down the current frame to its minimal size

Frame-Focus-Policy
c: Set a click focus policy for the current frame.
s: Set a sloppy focus policy for the current frame.
t: Set a (strict) sloppy focus policy only for windows in the current frame.

Frame-Managed-Window-Menu
m: Change window types to be managed by a frame
a: Manage all window type
n: Manage only normal window type
u: Do not manage any window type

Frame-Miscellaneous-Menu
s: Show all frames info windows
i: Hide all frames info windows
h: Hide the current frame window
w: Show the current frame window
u: Renumber the current frame
x: Create a new frame for each window in frame

Window-Menu
i: Display information on the current window
f: Force the current window to move in the frame (Useful only for unmanaged windows)
c: Force the current window to move in the center of the frame (Useful only for unmanaged windows)
m: Force to manage the current window by its parent frame
u: Force to not manage the current window by its parent frame
a: Adapt the current frame to the current window minimal size hints
w: Adapt the current frame to the current window minimal width hint
h: Adapt the current frame to the current window minimal height hint

Selection-Menu
x: Cut the current child to the selection
c: Copy the current child to the selection
v: Paste the selection in the current frame
p: Paste the selection in the current frame - Do not clear the selection after paste
Delete: Remove the current child from its parent frame
z: Clear the current selection

Action-By-Name-Menu
f: Focus a frame by name
o: Open a new frame in a named frame
d: Delete a frame by name
m: Move current child in a named frame
c: Copy current child in a named frame

Action-By-Number-Menu
f: Focus a frame by number
o: Open a new frame in a numbered frame
d: Delete a frame by number
m: Move current child in a numbered frame
c: Copy current child in a numbered frame

Utility-Menu
i: Identify a key
colon: Eval a lisp form from the query input
exclam: Run a program from the query input

Clfswm-Menu
r: Reset clfswm
l: Reload clfswm
x: Exit clfswm


This documentation was produced with the CLFSWM auto-doc functions. To reproduce it, use the produce-menu-doc-in-file or
the produce-all-docs function from the Lisp REPL.

Something like this:
LISP> (in-package :clfswm)
CLFSWM> (produce-menu-doc-in-file "my-menu.txt")
or
CLFSWM> (produce-all-docs)

